Fixing redirection rules with wildcard(*) (#28919)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2016-12-00-Statefulset-Run-Scale-Stateful-Applications-In-Kubernetes.md

[ZooKeeper](https://zookeeper.apache.org/doc/current/) is an interesting use case for StatefulSet for two reasons. First, it demonstrates that StatefulSet can be used to run a distributed, strongly consistent storage application on Kubernetes. Second, it's a prerequisite for running workloads like [Apache Hadoop](http://hadoop.apache.org/) and [Apache Kakfa](https://kafka.apache.org/) on Kubernetes. An [in-depth tutorial](/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/zookeeper/) on deploying a ZooKeeper ensemble on Kubernetes is available in the Kubernetes documentation, and we’ll outline a few of the key features below.  

**Creating a ZooKeeper Ensemble**  

> Creating an ensemble is as simple as using [kubectl create](/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_create) to generate the objects stored in the manifest.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating an ensemble is as simple as using [kubectl create](/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#create) to generate the objects stored in the manifest.  
```

> You can use [kubectl apply](/docs/user-guide/kubectl/kubectl_apply) to recreate the zk StatefulSet and redeploy the ensemble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [kubectl apply](/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#apply) to recreate the zk StatefulSet and redeploy the ensemble.
```

Author: @jihoon-seo All the links does redirect to all these target URL right. Is there any reason that we want to put the direct target URL?

Reviewer: @niteshseram
Here I quote @tengqm's [comment](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/28575#issuecomment-866671339):
> The correct fix should be avoid using old URIs when page are moved around.
